Add styled landing page intros to AI and context engine docs (#3558)
redis/docs: content/develop/ai/context-engine/data-integration/_index.md

weight: 40
---

Stream live business data into Redis so agents always work with accurate, up-to-date information.

> Redis Data Integration (RDI) keeps your Redis Cloud database in sync with your existing relational databases using change data capture. Agents query Redis at full speed without ever touching your production databases directly.

Reviewer: Link might be helpful for people seeing this stuff for the first time, and defining the abbreviation is appropriate because it gets used later in the page. Also, "touching" might be a bit misleading since you do still have to *write* to the production databases.

```suggestion
Redis Data Integration (RDI) keeps your Redis Cloud database in sync with your existing relational databases using [Change data capture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) (CDC). Agents query Redis at full speed without ever reading from your production databases directly.
```

    <h3 class="text-redis-ink-900 font-semibold mb-3">For developers</h3>
    <ul class="space-y-1 text-redis-pen-600">
      <li>Configuration-driven — no custom ETL code required</li>
      <li>Fully managed on Redis Cloud, no infrastructure to provision</li>
      <li>~10,000 records per second per core for initial snapshots and streaming</li>
      <li>At-least-once delivery guaranteed for every change in the defined dataset</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>

## Quick example

Define a pipeline to sync a PostgreSQL `users` table into Redis:

```yaml
sources:
  my_pg:
    type: postgresql
    host: my-db.example.com
    database: myapp
    username: rdi_user

targets:
  my_redis:
    type: redis

jobs:
  sync-users:
    source:
      server-name: my_pg
      schema: public
      table: users
    target:
      key:
        expression: "user:{{ id }}"
        language: jmespath
```

RDI performs an initial full sync, then captures every subsequent `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, and `DELETE` and applies them to Redis within seconds. See the [RDI quick start]({{< relref "/operate/rc/rdi/quick-start" >}}) to get up and running with a live PostgreSQL source.

> 

Reviewer: The stuff that follows is existing text but it seems to repeat what is said in the new intro. Might be useful to do a quick tidy-up on the rest of the page to avoid redundant info.
